# ElevatorPitchAssignment

          Hi everyone! My name is Ross Landgraf and I am a Junior here at UNC Charlotte. My major is computer science with a concentration in cybersecurity. My project I will be discussing today is an online dashboard for viewing crimes that have been committed in the UNC Charlotte area.
          <br />          The main issue is that there are many crimes that happen on and around UNC Charlotte. Some of these crimes are minor, and some are of a level that people should be concerned about. Currently, there is not a clear interface for students and or people interested in the crime rates near the campus area to view them. Something needs to exist so that students, parents, and other members of the community can track and report crimes on or near campus.
          <br />          So, you might be wondering why the audience would benefit from this platform. The audience would value a platform that is usable and displays the information easily. They do not want to run into any issues or errors when accessing the information. The solution impacts them because it will help store and display information that is valuable because of their association with the university.
          <br />          The problem is viewing and reporting recent crimes near or on campus. This is a problem because without being able to view this many people will be left wondering or concerned about the crimes near or on campus. Creating a platform that allows people will be able to easily check the crimes near or on campus in a user-friendly way would be beneficial. My project will help address these problems.
          <br />          The solution to this problem will be a dashboard/portal that will track any crime/on-campus issues that have happened recently and in the past. It will also have a section that will track any crime/off-campus issues that have happened recently. People will also be able to anonymously report events so that they can be displayed for others.  This solution will also show graphs and other graphics to make the information more user friendly.
          
          
<br />Video youtube link:
